feat: add `add` and `remove` methods to modify the playlist dynamically (#240)
videojs/videojs-playlist: docs/api.md

// -1
```

#### `player.playlist.add(String|Object|Array items, [Number index])`

> Adds an item to the current playlist without replacing the playlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds one or more items to the current playlist without replacing the playlist.
```

> Fires the `playlistadded` event.

Reviewer: We should mention that `playlistchange` is not fired in this doc too, since it could easily be assumed otherwise.

Reviewer 2: should playlistchange fire for added/removed events too?

Reviewer 2: also, I think this is the `playlistadd` event, not `playlistadded`
https://github.com/videojs/videojs-playlist/blob/50503ca20bb935652ac785b04f9f0d549f975401/src/playlist-maker.js#L410

Author: Yeah, I was going back and forth on `playlistchange` but I will restore it.
